README.md, before:

# [utils-base](http://www.github.com/optimizationBenchmarking/utils-base/)

[<img alt="Travis CI Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/travis/optimizationBenchmarking/utils-base/master.svg" height="20"/>](https://travis-ci.org/optimizationBenchmarking/utils-base/)
[<img alt="Codeship Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/codeship/131027e0-8ab8-0133-0904-7246c649b408.svg" height="20"/>](https://codeship.com/projects/131027e0-8ab8-0133-0904-7246c649b408/status?branch=master)
[<img alt="CircleCI Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/optimizationBenchmarking/utils-base.svg" height="20"/>](https://circleci.com/gh/optimizationBenchmarking/utils-base)
[<img alt="Semaphore Build Status" src="https://semaphoreci.com/api/v1/projects/307f0e82-6765-4e5c-80c6-3566c2086110/642552/shields_badge.svg" height="20"/>](https://semaphoreci.com/thomasweise/utils-base)
[<img alt="Snap CI Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/snap-ci/optimizationBenchmarking/utils-base/master.svg" height="20"/>](https://snap-ci.com/optimizationBenchmarking/utils-base/branch/master)
[<img alt="Wercker Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/wercker/ci/567a005a13c2df2b623ee96c.svg" height="20"/>](https://app.wercker.com/#applications/567a005a13c2df2b623ee96c)
[<img alt="Shippable Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/shippable/567a0f771895ca447466cf07.svg" height="20"/>](https://app.shippable.com/projects/567a0f771895ca447466cf07)
[<img alt="AppVeyor Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/appveyor/ci/thomasWeise/utils-base.svg" height="20"/>](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/thomasWeise/utils-base)
[<img alt="Drone IO Build Status" src="https://drone.io/github.com/optimizationBenchmarking/utils-base/status.png" height="20"/>](https://drone.io/github.com/optimizationBenchmarking/utils-base/latest)

This library provides the basic utility classes used by the [optimizationBenchmarking](http://www.github.com/optimizationBenchmarking/) tool suite. They are licensed under the GNU General Public License Version 3 is provided in the file "[LICENSE.md](http://github.com/optimizationBenchmarking/utils-base/tree/master/LICENSE.md)" and can be found online at
[http://www.gnu.org/meta/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt](http://www.gnu.org/meta/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt).

Commit message:

Added a Utility Class for Versioning
I found some good code to use written by Simon Taddiken,
https://github.com/skuzzle,
and published in the repository
https://github.com/skuzzle/semantic-version
under the MIT License. Due to this license, we can re-use and modify
the code for our project.

Mr. Taddiken explicitly states that:
You may simply copy the single class to your source folder and apply
any modifications which suit your needs (as long as you preserve the
license header).

README.md, after:

# [utils-base](http://www.github.com/optimizationBenchmarking/utils-base/)

[<img alt="Travis CI Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/travis/optimizationBenchmarking/utils-base/master.svg" height="20"/>](https://travis-ci.org/optimizationBenchmarking/utils-base/)
[<img alt="Codeship Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/codeship/131027e0-8ab8-0133-0904-7246c649b408.svg" height="20"/>](https://codeship.com/projects/131027e0-8ab8-0133-0904-7246c649b408/status?branch=master)
[<img alt="CircleCI Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/optimizationBenchmarking/utils-base.svg" height="20"/>](https://circleci.com/gh/optimizationBenchmarking/utils-base)
[<img alt="Semaphore Build Status" src="https://semaphoreci.com/api/v1/projects/307f0e82-6765-4e5c-80c6-3566c2086110/642552/shields_badge.svg" height="20"/>](https://semaphoreci.com/thomasweise/utils-base)
[<img alt="Snap CI Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/snap-ci/optimizationBenchmarking/utils-base/master.svg" height="20"/>](https://snap-ci.com/optimizationBenchmarking/utils-base/branch/master)
[<img alt="Wercker Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/wercker/ci/567a005a13c2df2b623ee96c.svg" height="20"/>](https://app.wercker.com/#applications/567a005a13c2df2b623ee96c)
[<img alt="Shippable Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/shippable/567a0f771895ca447466cf07.svg" height="20"/>](https://app.shippable.com/projects/567a0f771895ca447466cf07)
[<img alt="AppVeyor Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/appveyor/ci/thomasWeise/utils-base.svg" height="20"/>](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/thomasWeise/utils-base)
[<img alt="Drone IO Build Status" src="https://drone.io/github.com/optimizationBenchmarking/utils-base/status.png" height="20"/>](https://drone.io/github.com/optimizationBenchmarking/utils-base/latest)

This library provides the basic utility classes used by the [optimizationBenchmarking](http://www.github.com/optimizationBenchmarking/) tool suite. They are licensed under the GNU General Public License Version 3 is provided in the file "[LICENSE.md](http://github.com/optimizationBenchmarking/utils-base/tree/master/LICENSE.md)" and can be found online at
[http://www.gnu.org/meta/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt](http://www.gnu.org/meta/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt). The GPL  holds for all components of this project except the file org.optimizationBenchmarking.utils.versioning.Version, which is under the MIT License and originally copyrighted by Simon Taddiken.
